
The Archives of RobCorp are a place of mysteries there is only one known person in existence who has a complete grasp of their structure, the [[Grand Archivist]].  Some reports of the inner structure made their way into the broader universe. These reports have sparked quite a bit of interest in those wishing to get glimpses into the more secretive truths of the universe. The attempts to peer into the layout were all thwarted by the fact that all of the reports never shared even one identical corridor, not even the entrance. It is currently unknown if these differences are due to some sort of memory tampering, some kind of powerful illusion or if the archives keep constantly shifting which could be realistic  considering the personality of the ever so enigmatic [[Grand Archivist]]. 

Further Examination of the reports from **The Archives** revealed that not only do the corridors shift but the structure itself seems to change. Some claim **The Archives** to be a grand library, others claim to have seen a sterile white room which shows you what you need, others yet again claim to have been in a suburban slum and finally the most perplexing recorded shape has to be the sphere. No one quite knows what the sphere is, records suggest it's a dark space where no known laws of the universe applies. Apparently information just starts manifesting in your mind.

The reason these other more obscure forms of **The Archives** were discovered so late is because they are very rare among the reports of **The Archives**. This sparked a discussion about the **TRUE** form of the library. This debate drove many people to insanity.

>Note from the **Grand Archivist**:
	"It's quite funny seeing these fools bickering about something they'll never understand in hundred lifetimes." 

Rumors inside the Company have it that **The Archives** house not only the secrets of the company but secrets from all over the Universe, leading some to believe that **Die Rote Sonne** has their eyes and ears everywhere as well as being involved in most major incidents across the universe. Some even go as far as to believe that **Die Rote Sonne** controls the universe at large. Most of these people are of the utterly insane type. Whilst some of those people managed to get into positions of minor significance those vanished without fail after assuming their office. 

The location of **The Archives** isn't precisely known to the public, the general consensus is that the archives are located at RobCorp HQ since anyone going to **The Archives** is going through HQ and coming back out through HQ. But scans of HQ don't show the necessary space **The Archives** would take up in the head quarters.  These scans were obtained by the organization known as the **[[Black Flag Mercenary Group]]**. Tis group is known for their business practices bordering on the realm of legality.

After scans of the RobCorb have gotten out the covert vessels which initiated the scan suddenly vanished. These ships appeared 6 days later at the HQ of the **[[Black Flag Mercenary Group]]** devoid of any lifeforms and completely filled with blood. For more detailed information see **[[REDACTED]]**. 
